Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app
3 YEARS AGO
BILL WILLIAMSON MASSACRED HIS HOMETOWN OF TENDERVILLE
USING AUTOMATIC WEAPONS AND A CACHE OF MASSIVE
EXPLOSIVES HE CLAIMED OVER A HUNDRED VICTIMS.
IT HAS BEEN RECORED AS THE DEADLIEST
KILLING SPREE IN THE U.S. HISTORY.
BILL DISAPPEARED IN THE SAME
EVENING OF THE MASSACRE.
2 YEARS LATER A VIDEO APPEARED ONLINE
It's ahh..
It's sad downward spiral.
To the end of all times.
And ahh..There's no chance that we can survive.
I mean ....
70 million people every year are brought into this Earth.
What have they doing?
Sucking up all our resources.
There's too many people.
So What do we do?
Just Keep them around?
Lets kill them! Lets get rid of them!
Good! Thank you! Thanks for ahh....
Thanks for coming out.
THE VIDEO HAS REACHED OVER FIVE MILLION
VIEWS. BILL HAS BECOME AN INTERNET SENSATION OF
MYSTHIC  STATUS AMONG HATE GROUPS AND
POLITICAL EXTREMIST AROUND THE WORLD.
Why not?
Well that's my point. that's what I want to
Let's just clean the world.
So maybe the rest of us can sustain
a little bead of life.
So maybe that's what I'll do that in future.
I'll.. I'll help you out.
I will help you out.
And I will cleanst..
DESPITE ONGOING MANHUNT ACROSS MULTIPLE STATES
AUTHORITHIES HAVE DETECTED NO SIGN OF HIM EVER SINCE.
-
This my dear viewers.
is maybe a once in a lifetime opportunity
for a few minutes
uncensored material to see.
I have something important to say.
I had to kill and will even
dying to be on TV.
I call you the facts.
The U.S. government
is funded by the rich.
It keeps the people
on the intellectual level of children.
It ensures that people
are concerned with making money.
That they are to family
House and lawn care.
People should think
that they are free.
and can do whatever they want.
Free press. television. Hollywood movies.
Schools. universities. religions ...
They falsely suggesting that anything is possible.
I tell you what that is:
a dictatorship of the brainwashing
in the guise of democracy.
You mean but that he was at home.
I can not see anyone.
Hello? Mr Johnson!
Let us take the front door.
let
in an hour come again.
- Do you want a cigarette?
- Yes.
I want you ask you something.
Why do not you rob a bank?
Or people?
- Got it.
- Here.
There it is. Hurry up.
In prison there must be better
than on the road.
That's not our thing.
Here we are at least free.
Free? You want to be free?
What is this freedom?
You can not even
Buy a bus ticket. right?
Bus tickets cost money. or '?
In prison there is at least a while.
Much warmer than on the road. or '?
Money is all that you need. or '?
That's right. Money is everything.
- What should I do with money in prison?
- You have nothing to spend in jail.
Taxpayers
pay for you in jail.
You pay your food.
your water. your heating ...
In prison it's you warmer than if
you sit on your lazy asses.
Why do not you get
your ass up and take what?
Do you still a favor and
robs someone from. will criminals.
It pays off.
Wait until I make my introduction.
and then ...
Wiki. which is ...
Do you know what I mean? Andy?
The page starts missing.
The ones I have given you.
Andy. that's exactly what I'm talking about.
Then I take the damned.
I just need people
which are on the ball.
Are we so far?
Andy. we are so far?
As we already spoke of it.
I'm going from factual information
Julian Assange's writing aloud.
Since it is 40 pages long.
I will focus on the key messages
the minutes limit.
"The whole of our conceptions
and our knowledge of the world
set the limits
our rational action firmly.
course
we all act also irrational.
Companies act irrationally.
irrational / advises
can not tackle rational.
Our ability as rational beings
rational to act and react.
is our knowledge
narrowed over the world.
For a possible
human rational action
we need maximum input
for our decision-making processes
as individuals.
as a society and civilization.
There are three types of history. I
mean. what is not 2000 years ago.
I mean all the knowledge.
using the last week.
History form one
is supported industrially.
It's knowing how to concrete.
Producing window or pumps.
It seems dry and boring.
but is of the utmost importance.
It comprises the harvesting.
Metal fabrication ...
History form two no one cares.
but it is also not threatened.
It is knowledge of industrial origin.
that is no longer viable.
These include books.
are no longer moved.
Then there is the third form.
It is intellectual knowledge.
the most interesting.
For it is not supported.
This branch history
was never very pronounced.
It's about
as human institutions act.
To strengthen its industrial power
and to be unpredictable.
have the facilities
concealed this knowledge.
If someone finds something
Secret documents about.
or corporate strategic documents
or Enron-mails.
and she wants to bring to light.
mechanisms are set in motion.
to suppress this knowledge.
This branch is interesting.
The other two we already have.
This we have not.
Political theories tell us
how the world has to be.
and how to act or not.
to make things work one way or another.
We should ask.
what these political theories are based.
If we look at the facilities.
so they all act unjustly.
Some much more than others.
The knowledge that we
helps to greater justice.
is.
the back keep the facilities.
This shows
that this knowledge can make a difference.
is why I say
that censorship is to be rejected. although.
but at the same time is an opportunity.
Because it shows the fear
before reforms knowledge.
If knowledge is so disclosed.
then the resulting action
and this action to an on reform. "
To all units:House fire in
Collingwood corner of West Second Avenue.
suspect with Motocross Suit
was sighted.
Report  All available units.
Why land ranging Stars
and white stockbroker.
take the drug every day.
not in jail?
Because you as a rich
're above the law.
You watch "Lincoln" and think
the war was to free the slaves.
Spielberg makes you so even dumber.
They ensure that the film
will be shown in schools and television.
but actually
went there in every war for money.
And the fools must die.
because the elite decides.
You're watching every day reality TV.
to kill your time.
And you think you knew communication.
because you Anderson Cooper and
others without their own opinion look at.
Hey. man. how much money do you have?
Buddy ...
Do you remember me? Yes?
What is wrong with your friend?
He is dead.
What's wrong with your friend?
What did I tell you?
- That it is cold.
- Yes. it is cold.
Now your friend is dead.
because you have done nothing.
You'll be next.
Oh. closed?
No more bingo.
I have the 27 Bingo!
Bingo?
Okay. No Bailout for you.
It does not matter what you look like.
Trademarks or drugs play no role.
That should keep you stupid.
Free press. television. movies.
Schools. universities and religions
are all opium of the people.
as Karl Marx would say.
I want you to wake up
and be ye.
shooting in the Fir. corner Eighth.
Suspect with helmet and mask.
He drives a gray Honda.
Be careful.
I'm the best moderator here.
I have other options.
How long before I am
the best presenter of the city?
Two years? Jeez!
Most here
are incompetent assholes.
You are late. do their job
not. do not inform properly!
Do you think you get these prices
without me? Do you think that? No.
Ladies and Gentlemen! welcome
the new attraction of Las Vegas!
I can catch balls!
And I will you and me
lead to a higher level!
Stop! You do not have to do!
Shit! Oh shit!
- You back. go!
- More space is not. Come!
Hey. where are you going?
Where is he?
Oh. hi!
You are so sweet.
as ye as hidden.
Why do they put you back here going?
Come out. Come on.
I need you. Let's go.
Let's go. Oh!
See what happens then?
Go let's go.
Let's go!
Go there! Do not even
the stairs going down.
You go there. Forward. forward!
Stop. right here. You wait here.
Be nice to me.
I'm nice to you.
Hey. how are you doing?
Come on. Hey!
Do you see what happened? Everyone out here!
Get out of here. damn it!
Let's go!
And do not run. Always nice and slow.
Nice and slow! Forward. forward!
Forward! Here. go!
At the top of the stairs. go. Here!
Hey. hey! Stop. Right here. right here!
You stay right here. Do not move.
I'm watching you.
No fucking move!
Chip?
Chip. the famous news anchor.
Chip. chip. Chip!
Are you under there?
I think I see you.
Hey. Baldy!
- What?
- Baldy!
- What? I'm not.
- What?
- I mean. ..
- There he is.
- Chip. he wants you. right?
What do you want?
I need your help.
Will you help me?
Yes. what ...
All right. You must follow me. okay?
Just stay here.
I will not hurt you. Los.
Is this your producer?
- Is this your producer down there?
- Yes.
Tell him to keep still. yes?
We need him later.
He should stay there.
Stay there.
What ...
Chip. you concentrate. okay?
Concentrate.
A little further. Come on. That's it.
All hands down. Los.
Chip. do not run. dammit!
Go. get down now!
No one runs!
Who runs that I shoot.
gather yourselves down there. go!
You there. continues! Down in the lobby!
Okay. Phase four. we go.
Phase four. Anyone who runs will be shot!
Go on. go!
Forward! Forward! Go!
If all quiet!
Keeping together! Keeping together!
Okay. come on.
Phase four. forward!
You know what is phase four. Forward!
Chip. do not cause trouble!
Phase four. bastard!
Not gawk at me like that!
I am responsible
for these people.
- Tell me what you want.
- Okay.
Monument about it. Chip.
You're doing something good finally.
Hey. buddy. Here. stay standing here.
Close your fucking doors.
Close your fucking doors!
Turn it on!
All on the wall!
Sit on the wall
on the floor. on the floor!
Lot. all on the wall. forward!
Go. go. go. go.
All sit down. All sit down.
You are not smart! Stand up!
Here. you get a chair!
I want the 3000 dollar suit
do not mess up.
I'd rather sit with them.
Sit on the damn chair!
Do not do so. as if you were suddenly
just like the others. you asshole.
You there.
you should sit in a chair?
If you sit on the chair?
This happens if you do not
keep my instructions.
Chip. sit the fuck down!
Come on. man.
Let them go. and we both
can argue out. okay?
Chip. chip. Chip ...
Sit down.
I just want some peace ...
for a few minutes.
Listen.
why do not you let her go?
- And you and I can ...
- Chip. Chip. chip. chip ...
Do you know
you should not be so afraid.
You're lucky to be down here.
This is a ...
This can be a safe place.
We will
a few hours to get to know.
You work with me.
and I with you.
I promise you. Okay?
I have to do a few things.
I do need your help.
Okay?
Chip?
Take care of the woman. She cries.
Okay? See if she's okay.
Everything will be fine. stay
just quiet. I'll do it.
- Did you call me?
- Yes.
- How many hostages are there?
- Ten. fifteen.
- Do you know where they are?
- He led them to the basement
He looks like a Robo Cop out.
with two machine guns.
I need two men.
Searches top everything.
Built the camp
on the northwest side of the house.
- Where did he come from?
- He came up here.
Look at this. My God ...
Here are dozens of injuries.
Send more ambulances.
Alpha Team. lock the outputs.
No one is allowed in or out.
That crap!
Listen. what can we do.
to the put in order?
Okay?
You know. Chip. what can you do?
You could get rid of the corpse.
Bring her around the corner.
She scares people.
Get her away!
Listen ...
It's hard. Can anyone help me?
I have all day long
Corpses dragged around.
Okay. Pick someone to help you.
Would anyone ...
Give me short.
Come. It's hard.
Okay. let's get him over here.
Come here long.
Okay. let's get him in here. Okay.
Come on. back here!
Chip. sit down on the chair.
and you on the floor.
It is good it all again.
The Swat team assembles
probably just outside.
You will not come in.
for they know ...
that I had no choice.
as all to shoot.
There are probably 15 to 20 hostages. and
probably only a suspect.
There is only one way to the basement.
This door is locked.
and he has barricaded himself.
Meaning. it is really just pure here.
There is no way out.
Yes. sir. Yes. I am.
He barricaded himself in the basement.
The ventilation system is too narrow.
Since no one can enter or exit.
I'm trying.
To get audio and video recordings.
I'll keep you up to date
and await instructions.
I need to see
what's going on. understand?
Chip. I have a request.
Are you married. Chip?
- Yes.
- Yes?
- When did you get married?
- For the past seven years.
Seven years.
Happy seven years. what?
- Does it run well? Do you love her?
- Yes. I'm lucky.
- You sure they want to see again.
- Yes.
Okay.
We all want to get out there again.
That is what we will do.
Chip.
You do not want it.
that your colleagues die.
- No. of course not.
- Okay.
So. that's the plan.
You bring up the
and can send it.
Nationally.
I have a lot of followers.
and a lot of fans around the world.
You will write me.
You are antwittern me
write me e-mails. they are ...
You will let me know
if people see this. okay?
What's this?
You'll see already. but
I want you to do that.
And you'd better come down again.
Okay?
If not. all will die.
Then I want you to
come back with a camera crew.
Cable television. And then we make
an exclusive interview with me.
And we will send live. Do you get the point?
You come back immediately.
You come back again.
I do not know how long it takes
until I can send the.
Promise
that you do not fool anyone.
You have one hour. chip.
or I'll shoot all.
- I do not know how long it takes.
- One hour. You can do it.
Promise
that you do not fool anyone.
You simply come with a camera crew.
when the has been sent.
Okay. Stay calm.
Trust me. I'll be back.
- Chip. close your door.
- Give me your word.
- You hurt them. promised?
- Chip. you give me your word.
Close your door. Chip!
Hold it!
I am one of the hostages.
- Okay. get him out of there.
- Officer!
- Are you all right?
- Yes.
How many hostages are there?
He has killed.
I think six women ...
Listen. I do not have time for this!
Listen.
The man in there is Bill Williamson.
The one who
has committed the greatest rampage of the United States.
I was there.
I know exactly who he is.
He is back.
He gave me this disc.
He wants me to send the country.
Within an hour.
or he kills them all.
He also wants a camera crew
for a live interview.
Okay. Do what you must do.
- Okay.
- Go.
Shit!
- What happened?
- Do not ask.
What should I do?
You have to.
Would you kidding me?
The killing me.
He will not shoot.
He does this so that is sent.
He sure has a copy.
He will not kill you.
. The most important thing for him
to send and to conduct the interview.
That's why he does that.
Go back. He has certainly
a copy. We will give you cover.
- You cover me?
- Yes.
- Do you want to save the hostages?
- What do you think?
What are you waiting then?
Shit!
Open up the door.
Close your door!
- Why are you back already?
- Listen. I ...
had a little accident.
Oh. chip ...
I have you to order only
a thing asked. One thing that chip.
- I am sorry ...
- What do you think. should I do now?
Do you have a disc?
I'm just here
so that is sent.
Now what?
We can still do the interview.
Chip! You make me really no choice.
Now all must die.
That's my fault.
Oh. now you want
take responsibility.
You had a small task:
bring up the DVD
and has it sent.
We do the interview.
You can say everything live.
Come here. Come here!
Get on your knees. Get on your knees.
- On your knees.
- You must not do that.
Listen to me. I have a wife.
I have children. Please!
Do you have a wife and children.
You know what?
This is my shit.
It's always two. Chip.
It always makes a copy.
Now go.
Go!
I told you.
Do not drop it again.
It worked.
What a fucking idiot.
Your great hero. or '?
Your great hero.
The Voice of America.
He is interested in
shit for you.
not in the least for you.
Or?
He knows nothing about your families.
He does not know
like your men or women hot.
He never asked you something.
Do you know why?
Because he makes money.
He does not know your names. he calls
you simply man or dude or babe.
Or? How many of you interns
have fucked him?
You've fucked him.
He is married.
He is the shit.
Looks like a yoga pant.
Do you do yoga?
Yes.
This could be a yoga studio.
Make people
a lot of money with something.
Why do not you get up?
Come here. Come here.
Okay. stay standing.
Show me a bit of yoga.
Show me the dog.
Vinyasa Flow.
Are you one of the ...
Are you one of these ...
rich housewives ...
the bored to death?
Their nanny take care of everything?
The better cope with your children
than you?
And ...
Therefore. you will
of course yoga teacher.
If the children fall
and hurt himself.
run to the nanny
and not to you.
What you should also do? You're
engaged in yoga classes.
Are you a rich man?
He is probably a lawyer.
So he sets purely his clients.
He steals. That thou
like a better person feel.
Do you feel better man
yoga?
You buy safe
chic organic food.
Apples for five dollars apiece.
You think you're doing something good.
I'll tell you what:
You are doing nothing good.
Yoga is not good for the world.
Know what is yoga?
Gymnastics for egocentric.
Yes.Botox-sprayed.
Denying reality.
Bitch. Stand up.
I want to ask you something.
Where is your yoga shit now?
You know what?
That was it for you.
Have you seen anything?
Have you seen a ghost?
A spirit or a soul?
The rises in the sky?
I do not.Da is nothing.
It's just another piece of meat.
There is nothing I could do.
Absolutely nothing.
- Andy!
- I'm here.
- Listen. I'm sorry ...
- What?
This is my shit.
He claims to have sent this. okay?
- What is this?
- I do not know.
Nationally. in one hour.
or he kills them all.
- We are not on the air.
- I do not care.
Just do your job!
Jeez! I need to find a team.
He wants an interview.
Okay. go.
Okay. I can do it.
Okay. understood. Thank you.
Okay. this is the state of things:
He hides in eight years
and had no contact with the family.
There were no calls.
Phone calls. text messages or e-mails.
WE ARE ON YOUR SIDE!
ALIVE YOU?
BILL FUCKING ROCK.
KILL THEM ALL!
We need this killing machine
quickly get.
Finds his mother or his father.
I will right away with them
talking on the phone.
What are you looking at?
You ...
You killed my sister.
Oh. baby ...
You know. I've
a lot of people killed.
So you have to be more specific.
- You've shot them. asshole.
- Okay. okay.
She has worked at the Chicken.
"The Chicken"?
- Oh shit. what ...
- Damn it.
This really terrible waitress?
Yes? That was your sister?
You look like her.
You're twins or something. Yes?
I see you're upset.
What do you do?
I've been waiting.
that they touch you or kill.
But I was not prepared for
or killed. I was not. or '?
So?
What are you going to do?
You stand there as if you're up to something.
- I will kill you.
- You want to kill me?
Come and kill me.
Come on! You are brave.
You are brave.
What do you do? Beat me?
Will you beat me? Back to you.
You want to fight well.
You in the blue shirt. stand up. Come on!
You're angry. are you? You mad? '
You want to take it out on someone.
or? for Only.
Arise. blue shirt! I'm not joking!
- Standing fucking on!
- Okay.
Well. now ...
She's pretty upset.
And they would like to. you know.
this feeling let out.
In a violent manner.
And I want to watch.
I want you to hit it.
Come on. they blow.
This is crazy.
I've never hit a woman.
Baby
then this is your first time.
I mean. you hit it.
or I'll shoot you.
Then they are all dead.
So what is better?
Beat her. Come on. they blow!
Beat her.
I am sorry.
Well. do go.
How did that feel?
Pretend as if it were your wife
and you would have cheated.
Beat her!
Beat her! Yes. exactly like that. Solid. solid!
Yes What does it do? Military dich.Wehr you!
Defend yourself. doll!
Scratch his eyes out!
Go! Is doch.Es is slow.
Beat her! Come on it. beat it!
Blow it. you wimp. Yes!
Blow it again.
Los. beat her again.
Lot tighter. Fixed!
Are you crying about?
Are you crying?
This is sick.
I'm done.
I do not do more.
They kill me. or I sit down.
Wow!
Look up the times on one.
A man with eggs.
A man who really has guts ... what?
Very courageous.
If there were more of your kind.
the world would be better.
Good job.
No one stirs!
Again:
As soon as he speaks with his father.
do you use from the
and shoots him between the eyes.
All right '?
We just wait. come back to Chip.
Stay in the other line.
We are ready.
It's been a hour. I've had enough.
Sends the stuff now. or you're flying.
- It takes so long time now.
- This is ridiculous .
I get a lot of messages.
200 ... 220 messages.
"Bill. still no video."
"Bill!
Where is the news
you promised us? "
"You do not show it. Bill."
A simple damn thing
he should do.
And he did not get out.
Do you know what he might do?
He sits in his Ferrari
in a 2000 dollar suit.
And just drive home.
He forgets that he ever knew you.
Because of him ...
you will all die.
All of you.
Because a person.
Not because of me.
Because of him.
VIDEO RUNNING!
YOUR PLAN WORKED.
FORCED BROADCAST
That. dear viewers. is
a possibly unique opportunity
a few minutes
uncensored material to see.
I have something important to say.
I had to kill and will even
tems to send my message.
I've decided your interests
to ask about my life.
I would like.
that you wake up and change you.
Before I tell you what you should do.
I give you the facts.
And I'm talking about facts.
The NSA stores all calls.
E-mails and SMS.
People like Snowden or Assange.
which provide valuable information.
be prosecuted by the U.S. government.
It is funded by the rich.
She wants the people ignorant and
hold the intellectual level of children.
It keeps the people
preoccupied with making money.
They should be about family.
House and lawn care.
People should think
that they are free.
and can do whatever they want.
They can not.
Your representatives are paid
to keep you stupid.
In your stupid little world.
Why is the sale of arms
not controlled.
although there are monthly rampages?
Are performed annually in the United States
11000 people shot.
In the UK only 300 Why?
Because Great Britain ... has no weapons.
The people have no weapons. Point.
What have I done. what happens
that there is no gun control.
There are not even
the criminal history check. Why?
Because 50 percent of the politicians
be paid by the gun lobby.
So. wake up.
PREVENT GOVERNMENT
TO HEALTHCARE REFORM
Health insurance for at least
95 percent of Americans an advantage.
The entire developed world has one.
Nearly 50 percent of Americans
on the other hand.
due to the brainwashing by the media.
The Iraq war was a crime.
Powell. Bush. Cheney and Rumsfeld
have all lied.
Saddam had nothing to do with
Weapons of mass destruction or al-Qaida.
the Saudis
have financed the Sept. 11.
Because of the oil we do nothing against them.
We send soldiers to countries with
local attacks have nothing to do.
Why not accused Obama Bush?
Bush cost the taxpayers billions
and committed war crimes.
Why Obama is doing nothing?
Because he belongs to the club.
There were more immigrants
reported under Obama than before.
Why does not he closed Guantanamo.
where prisoners without charges. evidence or
a method for 13 years sitting?
He was not against the rules
defense law.
the indefinite detention allowed
also of Americans without trial.
We have a constitutional crisis
in the United States. a rogue state.
International law is violated.
the Magna Carta. which our sense
impressed for justice for 800 years.
Obama should pay for it
and go to jail.
Since we're talking about the jail ...
The United States 5% of the world population.
but 25% of the prisoners.
People migrate
for ten grams of cocaine in jail.
Half sitting
possession of drugs in prison.
More than half of it is black.
Why changes
this absurd situation not?
Because Washington of the prison lobby
is paid to run it.
Why land ranging Stars
and stockbrokers ...
The guy is absolutely right.
We should it
Set as talk show host.
Do you think the Morgans. Vanderbilts.
Rockafellers and other assholes
did with their alms something good?
You overlook.
that their money was stolen
and they should not have to be rich.
What I want from you.
of the mass is the following:
I want you to change the world.
This is not peaceful.
and you can not do it alone.
We need to kill the rich.
Go on the road.
Take your weapons
and divided Washington.
Bring all about the route:
Billionaires. bankers. CEOS.
liar. governors.
Lobbyists. senators.
They are all the same. they hanged
on the first tree that can be found!
We need a purge.
We need a Neustan.
We are actually
nationally seen everywhere.
We have the highest ratings.
Everyone has us on the screen. anywhere.
Everyone knows us.
We must destroy the system.
But I can not do alone.
I need you now.
We must do that together. okay?
Thank you already times in advance
for your help.
Thank you.
That's pretty good. right? '
I could be president.
Do you understand what I'm feeling here?
As each of you
can change the world?
Is not it '?
We can change together!
Now you understand slowly. right?
Now you understand slowly.
All right. Well!
Chip. Good man. Chip!
- Hold on bravely.
- Hey!
Well. we are so far.
- Okay. you have your two people?
- Yes.
Films you now?
- You have. right?
- Yes.
Documentation. man.
There is a change of plan.
One of my men will with
and takes care of the cable.
Wait a minute.
It comes with?
It is for your protection.
Protection?
Because of him I'm on it.
Do not be.
He is trained.
It comes with for your protection.
He will protect the two.
Okay. but I do
first interview. right?
Kidding me?
It's about the hostages.
not for their shitty interview.
The people in there
must be saved.
I know. okay. Then come.
Wait. one more thing.
His father is on the line.
Bring this phone to Bill.
maybe
his father change his mind.
- What? I can not do.
- But.
his father
can hopefully change his mind.
Maybe he is on
and can free the hostages.
- Give her already.
- Moment.
Ask Mr. Williamson by.
Mr. Williamson. you just wait.
Stay on the line.
This is the only possibility.
Come on.
Chip?
Yes. I am.
Do you have the camera crew?
Yes.Wir can come.
How many do you have with you?
We are three.
Four.
Three and me. so four.
Alright. coming in!
Okay. Okay.
Can we play it
with the interview?
Listen. I have the DVD
given to my program director.
It is a tremendous thing.
You have tremendous odds.
- I know. I know. Well. do you?
- Yes. that's great.
Now we make
the live interview. right?
You see. I ...
I will give you this.
It's your father.
- Dad?
- Bill .
How are you?
I'm so happy.
to hear your voice.
- I miss you so much.
- Yes. I love you too .
How are you and Ma?
Why are you doing. Bill?
Where were you?
We have suffered so
away since you are.
Why did you
not let us help?
Dad. I could not
come home.
You had to
do not do anything.
We can regulate.
what it is.
Why do not you just
to your couch back.
unlock a your TV
and guckst reality TV. okay?
Stop right now on. please.
Let me make easy. okay?
Let me just make.
You're sick.
Get Mom on the phone. Dad!
Get Mom on the phone.
I can not get Mom.
She's not here. son.
She had six months ago
an accident.
What ...
What kind of accident?
Mom was depressed
and took medication.
You should not have run.
You must have been distracted.
The car overturned.
She still held out for a while.
wanted to see you.
I've been trying to find you.
- But you're gone without a trace.
- Okay. Is good.
You need help.
Dad. I'm sitting here
in this stupid hostage room.
Bill. whatever
your reasons are ...
I have a camera crew here.
They are a live interview
touch with me and ...
They are complete idiots. Dad.
They gave one a revolver.
kill me.
- Bill. what's wrong?
- Dad. I gotta go.
- Bill. listen to me.
- Bastard!
- That was not my ...
- Bastard.
Alpha Team is in position.
Bravo Team.
Go into position.
-0'Connor!
- Yes. sir.
Charlie team.
- Get ready.
- Charlie Team is ready.
Team ready to go clean.
We can get started.
Damn.
This son of a bitch.
Send me an emergency team.
We have five. six injured.
The Alpha team has been made.
Shit!
Go!
- Bill. you hear!
- Shut up!
You two make the corpse over there
to the other.
You bastard!
Hurry!
Go there! Go there! Lot more!
Shit. Shit!
Why did you do this to me?
Okay. you hear!
We have sent the DVD.
Maybe I want the interview
not and kill all!
No. No!
- Should I shoot all?
- Bill. Listen to me!
- Now I'm going to kill everyone!
- Listen to me!
We have the team. okay?
We send nationally.
as you wanted.
Okay? Nobody gets hurt.
They put across your message.
As I've said.
So we do it. okay?
Bill. so we do it.
All right. get ready.
Okay.
Where do you want it? Right here?
- Yes.
- Okay.
Sit down. Are you ready to shoot?
Are you ready to shoot?
Okay. then we take now
The fucking interview!
They do not breathe. sir.
Here. I have a pulse.
Oxygen masks here. Go. go!
Okay. we are ...
- Okay. Everything ready?
- Yes.
We Okay.Fangen to.
Where were you. Bill?
Where did you
hides the last year?
Is it important chip. where I come from?
What I have done in the past?
Why is this important?
Okay.
Can I give you a few questions
question about your background?
Who are you. Chip?
Maybe that's a better question.
Who are you?
You've read the Assange font.
Do you understand what you read?
- I understand his concern.
- You've read it literally. or '?
At some point you wanted to secure
know the truth. right?
Before you have you worried about your money.
and television appearances.
Sure you wanted
be a real journalist.
I'm a real journalist.
But I also believe in law
and order and the constitution.
It is a control system of the rich.
They are the law.
they made the Constitution.
for the protection of money and land.
she stole.
The rich are above the law.
All over.
Look at the Russian oligarchs.
In Germany. it is the owner
Bayer. BASF. BMW. VW.
under Hitler
they have all used slave labor.
There are still
same owners.
The Royals in England.
the rich Africans ...
You have all
their own people killed.
They undergo all brainwashed.
We crawl rich oil sheiks
in the ass.
Gucci and Lexus cars
Buy and all U.S. companies.
The daily bring to people.
You give women no rights
and kill gays.
We do not care.
because they have the money.
our rulers
are gangsters in pinstripe suits.
You shit on the law.
You have the system
Homeland Security perfecting.
You have given us the basic
taken and liberties.
You have the three branches of government
completely taken for itself.
You control the information networks.
to spread their lies.
You are part of it. chip.
like everyone else.
The moderators and editors
are all bought.
Right?
What is the goal of this transmitter '?
We have in the past two hours
Taken $ 2.8 million.
Through this mission.
I have sold it.
To all the damn station.
This is terrific.
and chip
has signed a contract.
So I have the rights to him.
He will be a star.
How does that feel.
someone to take his own life?
Have you ever
hit someone in the face?
Certainly.
Once or twice?
Do you have the connection
felt in your own?
Meat on meat.
This sound.
There is nothing deeper going Deres. right?
We can still
chat all day.
But what makes the people?
Going back.
Going back to our original state.
When we killed for our food.
have hunted and gathered.
We killed animals.
to eat them.
Now they are killed by machine.
Is it not so?
The human race has
completely away.
Have you ever
bending over a dead man?
Smelled the blood?
the heat
ausquellenden felt the blood?
No.
Then you feel
what it means to be human.
Then you know who you are.
In the most basic sense.
Not you?
There is nothing truer than that. right?
There is nothing truer than ... pain.
Not only emotional pain.
but real physical pain.
And you think that ...
killing of innocents
a solution is?
Yes. I mean.
Is not the solution to America
used around the world?
With their drones?
Take the drone bombs
or sweets to the children from. Chip?
They kill 50 children. chip.
to meet a terrorist.
We do not plunder the third world?
Do not let others starve
and die for our lifestyle?
These are difficult circumstances.
exclude the peaceful talk.
We see crime and global warming.
the lobbyists who bought Washington.
the financial collapse.
And we feel the end yet
with printing money out.
In the latest 50 years. everything is off.
There are more and more people. but
less and less water. food and oil.
100 years. there is no earth.
Words mean nothing. or '?
I can influence this life only.
by I suppose.
I can only affect you.
by I kill you.
Would not be the appropriate solution.
to found a party?
Find trailers. let
be selected. Change something.
I will let you choose me? What for?
You do not hear me.
What should I let me choose?
Let that shit.
It's not about politics.
Whether Democrat or Republican.
does not matter.
All these Democrats. Republicans
and governors are bought.
We can choose someone
but it does not matter.
the lobbyists
have everything under control.
There are always two sides.
Everyone has an opinion.
Is not that the beauty of democracy.
that everyone can express his opinion?
Yes. as long as these expressions of opinion
change anything.
Julian Assange. Hammond and Snowden
are the prophets of today.
They are the voices.
the cry.
And they are the ones
wants to kill the State.
There is no more democracy.
We can not speak our minds.
For this interview. I'm
without trial in prison.
Forever. After Guantanamo.
This is no longer our voice.
- Could not you change that?
- No. I can not.
This is the only way
to change things.
Bill. you seem like someone who ...
a strong attachment to the mother. has
if I may say so.
What is this feeling that you
could not be there when she died?
You want to talk about my mother?
My mother was a good woman.
I was very important to her.
You would have done anything for me.
And I would do anything for them.
Nothing is ever going to change anything.
Would they agree with
what you do?
This has nothing to do with her.
Some things are bigger than
larger than the family.
This is about the human race.
To our survival.
Do you understand that?
So people will die.
People die chip.
Life goes on.
Is not it '?
Life must go on.
No matter what happens.
Despite all the odds.
Wow. that's ...
This is strong. Bill.
How do we proceed?
I will be fumigated.
I'm going to die. Right here.
Are you so keep your word and ...
all the people let go.
or you will kill us?
Yes. I will keep my word. Chip.
I let the people go.
But do not
my little puppet.
You stay here.
You stay here and die with me.
I may die here.
but I die with one voice.
Okay. get up every man!
You all go very slowly to the door!
You can not fumigate me
I have a gas mask.
We regulate the
the old-Alamo-An.
Now get out with you!
Complete the hostages
as quickly as possible away from here.
It's over.
Take the gun down!
Are you kidding me?
WK7 TV STATION EXPLODES
WILLIAMSON DEAD
Hold Up TV stations WK7
ended tragically with an explosion.
when the building collapsed.
128 deaths were recorded.
Many are still missing.
The explosion was so powerful
that most victims
never can be identified.
The investigators assume that
Williamson can not escape.
He won the tender massacre
committed three years ago.
About 100 people died.
The families of the victims can
Bill's death finally complete it.
Do you have that God exists.
and donate your money to churches?
I tell you something:
There is no God.
There was never a
and one will never exist.
You will die.
be buried. and that's it.
No one stirs!
- Hey. Little One. what are you reading?
- A book.
Do not you know that books are crap.
and your parents and teachers talk crap?
That's what counts here. Seen before?
You pull back and hit the off.
To your parents. because they talk crap.
At yourself in the end.
Now take it and disappear.
I want you to change the world.
That you can not peacefully
or alone.
You must kill the rich.
Go on the road.
Take your weapons
and divided Washington.
Bring all the route:
Billionaires. bankers. CEOs.
Liar. governors.
Lobbyists. senators.
They are all the same. Hang them
on the first tree that can be found!
We need a purge.
We need a reboot.
We need a new chance.
But I can not do alone.
I need you now.
We need each other now.
I thank you in advance for your help.
Thank you.
Subtitles:DanteG2
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-